DOC-12750 Authentication improvements - Ability to enable/disable Couchbase User (#3853)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/introduction/partials/new-features-80.adoc

* Viewed on the XDCR tab of the UI. See xref:manage:manage-xdcr/incoming-xdcr-replications.adoc#view-incoming-replications[View Incoming Replications] in xref:manage:manage-xdcr/incoming-xdcr-replications.adoc[Incoming Replications].
* Retrieved by using the REST API command `GET /xdcr/sourceClusters`. See xref:rest-api:rest-xdcr-list-incoming-replications.adoc[Listing Incoming Replications].

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-30260[MB-30260]::
You can lock user accounts to prevent them from authenticating with Couchbase Server.
+
--
* Locking an account terminates all active UI sessions and long-running connections such as Memcached or streaming connections.

> * This feature is useful to prevent users from connecting to the database during maintenance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This feature is useful for preventing users from connecting to the database during maintenance.
```

* This feature is applicable to local domain user accounts only.

> * This is an Enterprise only feature, and only available after the entire cluster is upgraded to the Couchbase Server 8.0 or a later version.

Reviewer: There is a way in adding a tag for showing `enterprise only` sections. 
Wait … I think you've asked me about this already!

Author: But that tag seems to be only for the page header in the attributes section at the document beginning.

--
+
For more information, xref:learn:security/authentication-overview.adoc#blocking-user-authentication[Blocking User Authentication].

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-31823[MB-31823]::

> As an administrator, you can force a local domain user account to change its password when it next authenticates with Couchbase Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an administrator, you can force a local domain user account to change their password when it next authenticates with Couchbase Server.

```

> This feature is useful to assign a temporary password to new user accounts by selecting the option to force the user to change their password when creating a new user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is useful for assigning a temporary password to new user accounts by selecting the option to force the user to change their password when creating a new user.

```

+
For more information, see xref:learn:security/usernames-and-passwords.adoc#force-password-change[Force Password Change].

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-63755[MB-63755]::
You can track the user activity, such as the last time a user made a request to the Cluster Manager, through user auditing.

> It's useful to locate users whose accounts are no longer active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's useful in locating users for whom accounts are no longer active.
```

* This feature is useful to prevent users from connecting to the database during maintenance, as Time-To-Live (TTL) locking can block user authentication during planned maintenance or system upgrades and automatically restore access when the lock expires.
* This feature is applicable to local domain user accounts only.
* This is an Enterprise only feature, and only available after the entire cluster is upgraded to 8.0 or a later version.
--
+
For more information, xref:learn:security/authentication-overview.adoc#blocking-user-authentication[Blocking User Authentication].

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-31823[MB-31823]::
As an administrator, you can force a local domain user account to change its password when it next authenticates with Couchbase Server.
This feature is useful to assign a temporary password to new user accounts by selecting the option to force the user to change their password when creating a new user.
+
For more information, see xref:learn:security/usernames-and-passwords.adoc#force-password-change[Force Password Change].

https://jira.issues.couchbase.com/browse/MB-63755[MB-63755]::

> You can now audit user activity.

Reviewer 2: This statement feels like it could be a bit misleading, as we already have the ability to audit some user activity, and that ends up in the audit.log, whereas this is different from that. Of course the statements below do clarify what it means, but it might be better if the first line was a bit less likely to cause confusion

Author: I've removed the following sentences:
You can now audit user activity.
This auditing tracks the last time the users made a request to Couchbase Server.

Replaced the above lines with the following:
You can track the user activity, such as the last time a user made a request to the cluster manager, through user auditing.

> This auditing tracks the last time the users made a request to Couchbase Server.

Reviewer 2: The current version of this only covers the requests to the cluster manager, not all requests to Couchbase Server
